CIP 0000 10 day change (#29)
global-synchronizer-foundation/cips: cip-0000/cip-0000.md

If the author represents a Super Validator, only one endorsing Super Validator is required.
If the CIP receives this support, the sponsoring Super Validator sends the CIP to [cip-vote](https://lists.sync.global/g/cip-vote/topics) mailing list. This list has private membership but a public message archive, allowing the Author to track progress.

> Votes have a 10 day deadline for completion; Proposed CIPs that do not reach a majority in favor by this deadline move to Rejected status.

Author: ```suggestion
Votes proposed to cip-vote have a ten (10) day deadline for completion may be Withdrawn, or move to Rejected status.
```
